Added FAQ for sync lag (#556)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: data-warehouse-integrations/warehouse-faqs.mdx

All the outbound traffic is routed through these RudderStack IPs.
</div>

> ### How to avoid lags in data sync while a heavy load is running on a warehouse?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do I avoid lags in data syncs while heavy loads are running on my data warehouse?
```

You can use either of the following ways to avoid lags in warehouse data sync while a heavy load is running:

> - In the warehouse destination connection settings, set an **exclusion window** which lets you set a start and end time when Rudderstack will not sync data to the warehouse. You can run heavy loads during this time interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Approach 1**: In the warehouse destination connection settings, set an **exclusion window** which lets you set a start and end time when Rudderstack will not sync data to your warehouse. You can run heavy loads during this time interval.
```

<img src="../assets/warehouse-destinations/exclusion-window.png" />

> - In the warehouse destination connection settings, increase the **Sync frequency** interval so that there are lesser number of warehouse syncs throughout the day. You can run the data syncs during the non peak hours by setting the **Sync Starting At** time interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Approach 2**: In the warehouse destination connection settings, your can increase the **sync frequency** interval so that there are lesser number of warehouse syncs throughout the day. You can also run the data syncs during the non-peak hours by setting the **Sync Starting At** time interval setting.
```

<img src="../assets/warehouse-destinations/sync-frequency.png" />

> - If you are performing only writes/updates to your data warehouse, set up a read replica of your database and connect it to your load generation tool. Connect the read/write replica to RudderStack, as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Approach 3**: If you are performing only writes/updates on your data warehouse, you can set up a read replica of your database and connect it to your load generation tool. Connect the read/write replica to RudderStack, as shown:
```
